ABOUT GENESIS

Genesis IT Solutions is an consulting IT recruitment management and staffing organization. We serve clients from various geographies with our dedicated team of professionals in US and India. With our deep domain experience, staffing expertise and efficient processes, we provide placement, temporary staffing and IT solutions to our customers.


Commitment to Quality and Customer Satisfaction, Long term value are at the core of Genesis IT Solutions´s culture. We have created a perfect process which enables us to take care of all your staffing needs in most efficient manner. Our specialized teams of HR and Functional specialists are available to assist your organization to identify, recruit and place the winners at the right time and place.


Genesis IT Solutions presents a unique IT staffing offering which is fully process oriented and efficient, while being flexible to meet your requirements. We working with hundreds of satisfied customers, earning the tag of THE recruitment partner who understands YOU. We are a prominent Executive Search and Staffing Company, providing a wide range of recruitment solutions for various IT requirements. We take pride in understanding our customers and providing exactly what they are looking for, reducing their staffing lead time to the minimum. That´s why companies across the globe consider us as their recruitment partners who take care for them.

When you work with Genesis IT Solutions, you have a one-stop staffing source. We work with companies of all sizes, from start-ups to Fortune 500 organizations, connecting the right talents for the right requirements. Our professional database is constantly tested, trained, up skilled and certified to ensure only the good ones reach for both permanent and project based recruitment. Our result oriented approach gives you the transparency in terms of why we feel a particular candidate is suitable for your requirement as well as the metrics to measure their performance on an ongoing basis. 

QUALITY PROCESS

Our certified consultants work closely with your team to understand the application requirements clearly, presenting an agile cost effective plan of action. We are a costumer focused enterprise, providing our best practices to align with your goals and expectations. Our consultants collaborate with the customer representatives to ensure the application is constantly being reviewed, accepted as we fully understand the importance of spotting mismatches early in the project cycle. Genesis IT Solutions, your trusted development partner presents a series of customizable offerings to suit your every application / product development needs.


QUALITY POLICY

Genesis IT Pledges to provide the right specialized candidates that meet customer requirements efficiently and consistently, and is committed to its organizational goal for continuous growth without loss of quality or customer satisfaction.

